Add an ability to choose IPAM policy (#612)
networkservicemesh/cmd-nse-icmp-responder: README.md

* `NSM_CONNECT_TO`               - url to connect to (default: "unix:///var/lib/networkservicemesh/nsm.io.sock")
* `NSM_MAX_TOKEN_LIFETIME`       - maximum lifetime of tokens (default: "10m")
* `NSM_REGISTRY_CLIENT_POLICIES` - paths to files and directories that contain registry client policies (default: "etc/nsm/opa/common/.*.rego,etc/nsm/opa/registry/.*.rego,etc/nsm/opa/client/.*.rego")

> * `NSM_IPAM_POLICY`              - defines NSE's IPAM Policy. Possible values: default, strict

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `NSM_IPAM_POLICY`              - defines NSE's IPAM Policy. Possible values: polite, strict. Polite policy accepts any addresses sent by client. Strict policy resets ip_context if any of the client's addresses doesn't match endpoint's CIDR
```
